README.md, before:

 
<h1 align= "center"><b>CityonBikes🛵</b></h1> 

<div align= "center">
  <h3> Now ride Unlimited , at a fixed price!</h3>
</div>


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-v3.6+-blue.svg)
[![contributions welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/preeti13456/CityonBikes/issues)
[![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/preeti13456/CityonBikes.svg?logo=github)](https://github.com/preeti13456/CityonBikes/network/members)
[![Stargazers](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/preeti13456/CityonBikes.svg?logo=github)](https://github.com/preeti13456/CityonBikes/stargazers)
[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/preeti13456/CityonBikes.svg?logo=github)](https://github.com/preeti13456/CityonBikes/issues)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin&colorB=555)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/preeti/)
[![Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/preeti13456/CityonBikes.svg?logo=github)](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/preeti13456/CityonBikes)

<br>


# Why CityonBikes?
We are a leading motorbike rental company that offers a diversified and exceptional range of two-wheelers on rent. We are regarded as one of the best bike rental companies in India due to our personalized service and higher commitment levels. We have a huge store of exclusive bikes where riders can choose to ride on an hourly, daily, weekly or monthly basis. You can go on a long ride.
 
# Home Page: 
<img src = "https://github.com/akrish4/CityonBikes/blob/akrish4/cityonbikes.PNG"> </img>
 
# Tech Stack 

 - Frontend: HTML, CSS, JavaScript 
 - Backend: Django (Python)


# Prerequisites🔑 :
 All the dependencies and required libraries are included in the file  `requirements.txt`  [See here](https://github.com/preeti13456/CityonBikes/blob/master/requirements.txt)


## Project Demo :hourglass:

- [![Already deployed version](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vasantvohra/TrashNet/master/hr.svg)](https://cityonbikes.herokuapp.com)

- :movie_camera: Demo Video 👇 ( Check out the below video ) 

<div align= "center"> 
 
[![Alt text for your video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/1-HT3EJU11I/0.jpg)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-HT3EJU11I)

</div>





# Contribution Guidelines🏗

- We invite you to contribute to this project and make it better. 🎇 To start contributing, follow the below guidelines: ✨ Read the [Code of conduct](https://github.com/preeti13456/CityonBikes/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md/)
 

**1.**  Fork [this](https://github.com/preeti13456/CityonBikes) repository.

**2.**  Clone your forked copy of the project.

```
git clone  https://github.com/<your_user_name>/CityonBikes.git
```


**3.** Navigate to the project directory :file_folder: .

```
cd CityonBikes
```

**4.**   Create a new branch.

```
git checkout -b <your_branch_name>
```
**5.** Perfom your desired changes to the code base.



**6.** Track your changes:heavy_check_mark:

```
git add . 
```

**7.** Commit your changes .

```
git commit -m "Relevant message"
```

**8.** Push the committed changes in your feature branch to your remote repo.

```
git push  origin <your_branch_name>
```

**9.** To create a pull request, click on `compare and pull requests`. Please ensure you compare your feature branch to the desired branch of the repo you are suppose to make a PR to.


**10.** Add appropriate title and description to your pull request explaining your changes and efforts done.


**11.** Click on `Create Pull Request`.




**12** Voila :exclamation: You have made a PR to the CityonBikes project :boom: . Sit back patiently and relax while the project maintainers review your PR. Please understand at times the time can vary from a few hours to a few days


## 💥 Issues:
For major changes, you are welcomed to open an issue  about what you would like to contribute. Enhancements will be appreciated.

#### All the Best!🥇

<p align = "center">

<a href="https://github.com/akrish4"><img src="http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/built-by-developers.svg" alt="built by developers"></a>
[![built with love](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-with-love.svg)](https://github.com/preeti13456/CityonBikes)

</p>

Commit message:

Added installations part for frontend
Added commands to run the server locally for frontend (to view the website locally).
I am not clear about the Heroku commands so I did not add them.
Please let me know if any changes are required.

README.md, after:

 
<h1 align= "center"><b>CityonBikes🛵</b></h1> 

<div align= "center">
  <h3> Now ride Unlimited , at a fixed price!</h3>
</div>


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-v3.6+-blue.svg)
[![contributions welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/preeti13456/CityonBikes/issues)
[![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/preeti13456/CityonBikes.svg?logo=github)](https://github.com/preeti13456/CityonBikes/network/members)
[![Stargazers](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/preeti13456/CityonBikes.svg?logo=github)](https://github.com/preeti13456/CityonBikes/stargazers)
[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/preeti13456/CityonBikes.svg?logo=github)](https://github.com/preeti13456/CityonBikes/issues)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin&colorB=555)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/preeti/)
[![Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/preeti13456/CityonBikes.svg?logo=github)](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/preeti13456/CityonBikes)

<br>


# Why CityonBikes?
We are a leading motorbike rental company that offers a diversified and exceptional range of two-wheelers on rent. We are regarded as one of the best bike rental companies in India due to our personalized service and higher commitment levels. We have a huge store of exclusive bikes where riders can choose to ride on an hourly, daily, weekly or monthly basis. You can go on a long ride.
 
# Home Page: 
<img src = "https://github.com/akrish4/CityonBikes/blob/akrish4/cityonbikes.PNG"> </img>
 
# Tech Stack 

 - Frontend: HTML, CSS, JavaScript 
 - Backend: Django (Python)


# Prerequisites🔑 :
 All the dependencies and required libraries are included in the file  `requirements.txt`  [See here](https://github.com/preeti13456/CityonBikes/blob/master/requirements.txt)


## Project Demo :hourglass:

- [![Already deployed version](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vasantvohra/TrashNet/master/hr.svg)](https://cityonbikes.herokuapp.com)

- :movie_camera: Demo Video 👇 ( Check out the below video ) 

<div align= "center"> 
 
[![Alt text for your video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/1-HT3EJU11I/0.jpg)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-HT3EJU11I)

</div>





# Contribution Guidelines🏗

- We invite you to contribute to this project and make it better. 🎇 To start contributing, follow the below guidelines: ✨ Read the [Code of conduct](https://github.com/preeti13456/CityonBikes/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md/)
 

**1.**  Fork [this](https://github.com/preeti13456/CityonBikes) repository.

**2.**  Clone your forked copy of the project.

```
git clone  https://github.com/<your_user_name>/CityonBikes.git
```


**3.** Navigate to the project directory :file_folder: .

```
cd CityonBikes
```

**4.**   Create a new branch.

```
git checkout -b <your_branch_name>
```
**5.** Perfom your desired changes to the code base.



**6.** Track your changes:heavy_check_mark:

```
git add . 
```

**7.** Commit your changes .

```
git commit -m "Relevant message"
```

**8.** Push the committed changes in your feature branch to your remote repo.

```
git push  origin <your_branch_name>
```

**9.** To create a pull request, click on `compare and pull requests`. Please ensure you compare your feature branch to the desired branch of the repo you are suppose to make a PR to.


**10.** Add appropriate title and description to your pull request explaining your changes and efforts done.


**11.** Click on `Create Pull Request`.


**12** Voila :exclamation: You have made a PR to the CityonBikes project :boom: . Sit back patiently and relax while the project maintainers review your PR. Please understand at times the time can vary from a few hours to a few days

# Installations

After cloning the repo, run the following commands in the terminal to set up the environment to work on the project.

## Frontend Installations

**1.**  Install dependencies

```
 pip install -r requirements.txt
 ```
 
 **2.**  To create database
 
 ```python
 python manage.py makemigrations
 python manage.py migrate
```

**3.**  For running the server

```python
 python manage.py runserver
```
This will start the project and you can view it on ```127.0.0.1:8000```.


## 💥 Issues:
For major changes, you are welcomed to open an issue  about what you would like to contribute. Enhancements will be appreciated.

#### All the Best!🥇

<p align = "center">

<a href="https://github.com/akrish4"><img src="http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/built-by-developers.svg" alt="built by developers"></a>
[![built with love](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-with-love.svg)](https://github.com/preeti13456/CityonBikes)

</p>
